

[setting-characters]


[setting-location+ time] Zion's thingie
on the sun, in the immense city of Mad gas car, there lived 6 characters.  Bob, Anette, Yellow bellied sun sucker, Hoochy koochy, Harold mcdarreld, Brown Eyes.  They had a problem, but that is not for me to tell you. So, I will tell you a bit about this place, which is very interesting if you like folding laundry, but anyhow, I would like to tell you that this is not a very interesting part of the story to tell you about Vanishing scratch but anyhow........................................................
You probaly know all about Mad gas car, I am guessing. But I will describe it for you. Mad gas car is very cold, freezing tempatures go all the way to 66 degrees below zero. Nice tempatures, huh? Also, has a population of 33 creatures, there might  be mre though, so never mind. Just so you know, Mad gas car is also known as The great Blown-apart, but any how, Mad gas car, of course, is famous for it's walking and talking  hamburgers, which are edible. (they always wear sunglasses when you first get them from the burger restraunt but set them in the fridge for a few days and they loose their cool and wear beanies.)  Mad gas car, as you probaly have heard, is on the sun. The sun is home to creatures,(like in our story) and is very hot. The sun is striped, with curlicues, as well to add interest, as you probaly also know, green and blue.. more like teal, though. Also,  as you also know,  the sun has very scorching tempatures, so you could fry a superduperawesomelycrazy shishkabob in a millenia if you put it on the sun. Next to the sun, there is  it's sister planet, supercalifragiispialidociouseventhoughthesoundofitissomethingquiteatrocious, which also enjoys nice frying tempatures. On this planet, the cackling barbeque has just been invented(it actually cackles when the talking burgers are ready) and the sprinting computer, as well.(it did present some problems because when you turn on the computer runs away and they are not fun to catch, mind you. there was a lot of complaints about this subject) (especially in a certain computer class where all the computers ran away) Well, enough about sprinting computers. The sister planet, probaly will not be in the story, though. Our story takes place in the future as you probaly also know, and many things have been invented. The airplane skis which will zoom over jumps at 1,000,000 mph, and have brakes as well. (they also cost $1,00,334,555,337,100,338,999,000. 33 so you might want to save up just a bit before buying them) And, the talking burgers, as well, as I already mentioned. The Vanishing Scratch tools, if you want to get rid of Scratch forever! very effective and has 12 golden stars!!! Brown Eyes prefers it to the Gitscratch method. But.. any how.Also, the read itself book too. Now, to the story.....s

[plot begins]
Frejya's
Charecters: Bob, Annette, YBSS (Yellow-bellied-sun-sucker), Huchie-Cuchie, Harold McDarrel, Harry McLarry, Brown Eyes
Place: Sun, MadGascar :      That night  Yellow-bellied-sun sucker herd foot-steps leaving the camp , when he turnd to wake up Bob, he  dicoverd he was missing! He shot over the others who were stile asleepe  on   his hover bored, but because he was in such a hurry , he forgot to unplug the charging board. Sprawling, he whent head over heals, then screaming like a mad chimp, he tride to free himself frome all the vines, tree branches and weeds he had smashed into. When  Yellow-bellied-sun-sucker had goten evreyone up, and was about to send out a search party, Bob came striding into camp with food he had gatherd. They later found out that Bob had thougt it was morning, (because on the sun it never gets dark.) and had gone out to get breakfast. So evryone paked up, because they woldnt be able to fall back asleepe and cotinued on there quest.They had to try to stop the sun frome exploding.



<<<<<<< HEAD
                                                             

=======
>>>>>>> fd7ad227b96aeea1ce080f1e27481b27b7fcb615
[plot thickens]
MINE!!!! Alana
Charecters: Bob, Annette,  YBSS (Yellow-bellied-sun-sucker), Huchie-Cuchie, Harold McDarrel, Harry McLarry, Brown Eyes
Place: Sun, MadGasCar
Time: Future


 In this dence forest, the Seven-Sun-'Splores Club (or the Three S's Club), including Bob, Annette,  YBSS (Yellow-bellied-sun-sucker), Huchie-Cuchie, Harold McDarrel, Harry McLarry,  and Brown Eyes, wondered further into the poring rain.
	"Bob, are we almost there?" Harry asked
	"Almost where?" Bob answered.
	"Then are we alomst somewhare?" Harold asked.
	"Guys, how many times have you asked that?" Annette rolled her eyes.
	"This time I agree with Harold." Bob sighed. "Unfortunately, Harold, I dont know."
	"B.E., are you okay?" Annette asked Brown Eyes.
	"Ya, just worn out, we have been walking for days and have gotten nowhere!" the brown panther gasped.
	"YBSS, YBSS, YBSS, YB---" 
	"What are you doing, YBSS?" Huchie-Cuchie asked.
	"Look I think we are--"
Before Bob finished his sentence, a familiar, yet not friendly face appeared before him.
	"GUYS, RUN!" Bob yelled. But before anyone could get away, a large bamboo cage fell over them.
	"Ha, you think we cant escape this?" YBSS scoffed.  Suddenly lasers surrounded it, then a medal box over that, then a electric 70 foot tall gate surrounded that. Everyone gave YBSS a dirty look.
A loud voice came out of speakeres above them
	"You have three days to give me the Heart of the Sun! MWAHAHAHAHA!"


[climax]
all mine
	 Annette, Brown Eyes,  and Bob scuried down the corridor cluching  the scroll, "we must finish the quest!" "But how?" "I dont know, you're the brains in this outfit."  As Hoochie-Coochie, Harold Mc-Darrel and Harry-Mclarry sped down the river of lava at brake neck speed the evil monkeys, with blood shot eyes, appeared screaching at the top of their lungs. Although his friends were in need, Yellow-Bellied-Sun-Sucker was drinking a margarita, on the edge of a crater, with out a care in the world.         



     Bob spoted the elfin iland and they delivered the leder but the elves where still mad. So they skined Anette and Bob then bured them alive. Hoochie Coochies and Harold Mcdarrels eyes where gouged out then they where dround in the lake of slime. Brown Eyes and Harry Mclarrys toongs where riped out and then they had been hung. But Yellow Beliee Sun Sucer saved himself by mareing the elvin queen.


[conclusion]
Frejya's
Charecters: Bob, Annette, YBSS (Yellow-bellied-sun-sucker), Huchie-Cuchie, Harold McDarrel, Harry McLarry, Brown Eyes
Place: Sun, MadGasCar
Time: Future    ``	`oko
V  .OMBUNHUJKFNJ9 G
